docs: use vars inside templates (#396)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/directives/vars.md

Sets one or more variables to a particular value, to be used later in the request handling chain.

> The primary way to access variables is with placeholders, which have the form `{vars.variable_name}`, or with the [`vars`](/docs/caddyfile/matchers#vars) and [`vars_regexp`](/docs/caddyfile/matchers#vars_regexp) request matchers. You may use variables with the [`templates`](/docs/caddyfile/directives/templates) directive, too: `{{placeholder "http.vars.variable_name"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary way to access variables is with placeholders, which have the form `{vars.variable_name}`, or with the [`vars`](/docs/caddyfile/matchers#vars) and [`vars_regexp`](/docs/caddyfile/matchers#vars_regexp) request matchers. You may use variables with the [`templates`](templates) directive using the `placeholder` function, for example: `{{placeholder "http.vars.variable_name"}}`
```
